# 021: October Mega Quest 🎃

| Prize pool | Start Date | Duration | Discord |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Unknown | 1st of October | 4 weeks | [`#quest-021`](https://discord.gg/quira) |

## What's this?

This year, we're proud to sponsor [Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com/). To commemorate this event, we're launching a month-long quest to direct everyone's attention on what matters most this October: _contributing to open source_. We're also organising some challenges to make this even more exciting.

### 💥 Impact awards

This month we're sending some swag to the contributors that make the most _impact_ during Hacktoberfest. We will measure _impact_ using our own metrics and heuristics, such as DevRank. Here's how to participate:

1. Check-in to Quest #21.
2. Embed a Quira badge in your GitHub README profile.
3. Submit a link to your GitHub README profile.
4. Get contributing & solving Hacktoberfest issues!

### 🔑 Access to Solver Quests

We are also partnering with several companies that are creating Solver Quests on their repositories. That's right—this October, we're granting everyone access to Solver Quests. All you need to do is locate an existing Solver Quest and claim it! Where can you find these Solver Quests? They're hidden on GitHub! The best thing you can do to find them is participating in Hacktoberfest and do your thing. We'll also drop a few hints along the way. Some of these partners are also running their own particular event by the way.

 -- Team Quira 🙇
  
